46 srrrrunrx.

predicates3 if they have the same predicate, we must
compare their subjects.

According to this method, it will be seen, that in the
first figure, the predicate of the sign is to that of its
conclusion as part to whole, or as species to genus
Hence its logical validity: whatever subject is included
under a species is necessarily included under its genus.
But in the second figure the relation is that of whole to
part, or of genus to species3 and this is illogical, the
whole genus not being included under one of its species.

But if we adopt the second interpretation, and compare
the major premise with the conclusion, we shall be com·
pelled in the first figure to compare together the two
subeon, since both propositione have the same predicate.
In this case the relation will be inverted3 the premise
being to the conclusion asan universal rule to a single
instance. In the second figure, we are at liberty to
compare either the quantity of the two propositions as
determined by their subjectS, or the extent of their
respective predicates In either case, however, the result
is the same3 the relation remaining that of universal to
particular.

The Enthymeme in the third figure presente no diffi- .
oulty. Whichever interpretation be adopted, the same
Proposition, “Pittacus is good,” is compared with the
conclusion, “ All wise men are good.” In both cases,the
comparison lies between the two subjects, and the
relation is that of particular to universal.

But perhaps the most difficult passage in this portion
of the Rhetoricis that in which Aristotle describes an
important, aud previously, as he tells us, unnoticed
distinction between various classes of Enthymemes.
Some 'of these, he says, belong to Rhetoric, some to
other arts and faculties. The same may be said of the
connexion of the Syllogism with Dialectic. Dialectical

 

